README.md, before:

# Gradio MetaVoiceLive
This is a reworking of MetaVoiceLive to completely strip out the Electron layer and JavaScript reliance. It's a pure Python implementation. All unnecessary code removed.

## Changelog

 - Initial release on 8/5/2023

## Setup

 - Install Python 3.10.x and make use it is added to PATH.
 - Clone this repo.
 - Get the MVL models. Retrieve a copy of the MVML 1.4 download or install the normal MVL to get it. Navigate to "resources\app\dist\metavoice\ai" and copy the entire studio_models folder to your new repo. Such as you have "GradioMVL\studio_models" with the two .pt files, and "GradioMVL\studio_models\targets" with the .npy files.
 - Open a Command window, navigate to the repo, and run launch.bat once to create the venv. It will fail.
 - Run: venv\Scripts\pip3 install torch torchvision torchaudio --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu118
 - Run: venv\Scripts\pip install gradio sounddevice pyaudio librosa
 - Run launch.bat again. It will tell you when Gradio is ready to open in your web browser. At this point you can double click launch.bat whenever you need to Gradio.
 
## Use

 - Pick your input and output devices.
 - Adjust the latency slider according to your system hardware. I have been able to test 200ms on a 2070S. Note this is the one way latency. So it's 200ms in, 200ms back, for 400ms total.
 - Pick your voice!
 - Press Start and wait. The model has a built in warm-up process that takes approximately 30-45 seconds to complete.

Commit message:

Borrow launch_utils from Automatic1111's Stable Diffusion UI. Mostly just for the torch/pip installs, simplified a bit. More clean up.
Borrow launch_utils from Automatic1111's Stable Diffusion UI. Mostly just for the torch/pip installs, simplified a bit.
More clean up.

README.md, after:

# Gradio MetaVoiceLive
This is a reworking of MetaVoiceLive to completely strip out the Electron layer and JavaScript reliance. It's a pure Python implementation. All unnecessary code removed.

## Changelog

 - Initial release on 2023-08-05
 - Automatic install of dependencies on 2023-08-06

## Setup

 - Install Python 3.10.x and make use it is added to PATH.
 - Clone this repo.
 - Get the MVL models. Retrieve a copy of the MVML 1.4 download or install the normal MVL to get it. Navigate to "resources\app\dist\metavoice\ai" and copy the entire studio_models folder to your new repo.
   - You should have "GradioMVL\studio_models" with the two .pt files, and "GradioMVL\studio_models\targets" with the .npy files.
   - This is not optional, you must have these files.
 - Either open a command window and navgiate to the repo, or find it in Explorer. Run launch.bat! It will install all dependencies and then start!
   - The first time launch will take a bit as it has to download and install Torch, a 2+ gig install.
   - GradioMVL makes a Python VENV, so everything is self-contained. You can delete the repo entirely and it'll all be cleaned up.
 - GradioMVL will load the model. There is a warm-up process that takes approximately 30-45 seconds to complete.
 - When you're told to open localhost:7860 you're ready to go! Just open it in your web browser.
 
## Use

 - Pick your input and output devices.
 - Adjust the latency slider according to your system hardware.
   - I have been able to test very low even on a 2070S. But I generally don't recommend lower than 300, and find 350-400 to be the sweet spot.
   - Note this is the one way latency. So it's 400ms in, 400ms back, for 800ms total.
 - Pick your voice! yara is used as a default.
 - Press Start and go!
 
## Advanced

Do you know how to make your own npy target voices? If so, just drop them in "GradioMVL\studio_models\targets" and restart!
